in Almaty free distributes dope in
Kazakhstan began to act
international traders group
prohibited psychotropic drugs
Now her couriers scatter
synthetic marijuana analogue and
amphetamine right on Almaty streets
dealers offer to everyone
try strange substances and
get our unforgettable experience
correspondent vitali mantra took root in
drug network revealed some secrets
criminal community
promotion of prohibited goods began
with hidden advertising on the internet on
Russian site appeared publication
outraged father he allegedly found out that
the son for money put up in Almaty
smoking mix stickers
The author calls to follow the children and here
same publish a sticker with the inscription of such
you haven't tried yet
would randomly and order phone
the number specified in the ad is not
Kazakhstan can not call all
chat only via messenger vatsap
interlocutor who introduced himself as a consultant
immediately reports addresses passwords and appearances
foreign online store offers
their products to residents of Belarus Russia
Young Ukraine separate section for
kazakhstan
here all price instructions are available in
retail is possible and wholesale gram analogue
hits on 12,000 tenge I kilogram almost
2 million in communication operator go to
special program pretending
addict ask for goods on trial
free of charge in the answer immediately addresses
picture of the place where you can pick up
substances
we arrived at the specified operator
address is house 39
and now you need to find this one
a bench there and laid a pack with
by drugs
here is the bench and somewhere behind it
there must be a foil
here is the very indicated those specified
probes three types of drugs as it was
indicated
yes the so-called hard spice is
apparently analogue amphetamine and it
crumbly spice
these are the very substances that are called
synthetic cannabinoids or
designer drugs
they act on the body several times
stronger than marijuana what is happening
man after using spice or
analogous to vitamin words and can not describe
but people's behavior is influenced by these
synthetic drugs are not the thing
terrible consequences often
irreversible to remain feeble-minded and all
life to spend a psychiatric hospital
it was still lucky there were such cases when
threw out juice because consuming
whether birds have seen themselves or
in the form of such hallucinations
experiencing it may some
inappropriate actions show
deaths in overdose can
be there may be cardiac arrest
the activity is therefore natural
for an end addiction to these drugs
unknown origin practically
incurable and this and enjoy traders
potion first dose free
and the second after transferring money from
using a terminal or virtual
payment system
special couriers hide bags and
then send addresses to the client can
even send prohibited goods by mail
drug network organizers are trying
establish business in all cities
Kazakhstan, they coordinate their work
only via the Internet
personal contact the operator is in
one country to another consultant but
those who will lay bags with
dangerous substance now recruit in
kazakhstan
these probes will be passed on as evidence
the cop they are trying to get on the trail
virtual international narco
groupings vital man herbs ivan
potters of the gate muhamedzhanov I am a gengir
then back of CTC Almaty